"Analysis" is "design" spelled backwards.
"Sound advice" is usually mostly sound with not much advice.
'Tis nobler in the mind to Look Things Up than to Pull Them Out Of The Air.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A big book is a big nuisance.  — Callimachus
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A gentleman is one who is never rude unintentionally.  — Noel Coward
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A hypothesis is an opinion that you are trying to prove true.
A liberal is one too open-minded to take his own side in an argument.
A man must destroy himself before others can destroy him.  — Mong Tse
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
A song in time is worth a dime.
A tree is best measured when it is down.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A wise man never tries to warm himself in front of a painting of a fire.
A witty saying means nothing.  — Voltaire
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Absence is better than a cure.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are worthless.
All dare to write, who can or cannot read.  — Horace
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Any change or reform you make is going to have consequences you don't like.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Anyone's life is incomplete unless they are, in some smaller or larger way, saving the world.
As above, so below.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
Avoid a hasty decision.
Bad taste is timeless.
Becoming an overnight success usually takes years.
Build a better mousetrap, and nature will build a better mouse.
Build it so that even a fool can use it, and only a fool will want to use it.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Can tomorrow be more than just the end of today?
Communication is only possible between equals.
Courage is something you can never totally own or totally lose.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Deep down, we all need that escape velocity.  -Steven Spielberg.
Do not confuse boredom with security.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't lie if you don't have to.  — Leo Szilard
Don't look back -- something may be gaining on you.  — Satchel Paige.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even paranoia can sometimes be taken to extremes.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the rooftop crow is touched by love.
Even the simplest solution is bound to have something wrong with it.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every purchase has its price.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Everything should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.  — A. Einstein
Everything takes longer than you think.
Everything you know is wrong.
Fact without theory is trivia, theory without fact is bullshit.
Five out of four people have trouble with fractions.  — Steven Wright
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Good health is just the slowest, most lingering way of dying.
He is poor who does not own content.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who laughs, lasts.
History is a race between education and catastrophe.  — H. G. Wells
How is it far, if you can think of it?
How you look depends on where you go.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it were dangerous they would post a sign...
If it's not broken, don't fix it.
If it's not worth doing, it's not worth doing well.
If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
If you don't know where you're going, it doesn't matter how you get there.
If you think it's hard going to the moon, you should try staying home.
In an evolving universe, who stands still moves backwards.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.  — N. Wirth
It is absurd to deny the role of fantasy in even the strictest science.  — Lenin
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is impossible to be a mathematician without being a poet in soul.  — Sofia Kovalevskaya
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It's later than you think.
It's not reality that's important, it's how you perceive things.
Just because we can't find a solution, it doesn't mean there isn't one.  — Andrew Wiles
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let wisdom and virtue be the two wheels of your cart.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Masterpieces make their own rules.
Mathematics is only a systematic effort of solving puzzles posed by nature.  — Shakuntala Devi
Millions saw the apple fall, but Newton asked why.  — Bernard Baruch
Money is a terrible thing to follow but a charming thing to meet.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Nihilism means nothing to the dancing peasants.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No branch is better than its trunk.
Nobody is truly sane until he feels gratitude to the whole universe.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Philosophy is the Rule of Life.
Prevention makes the heart grow fonder.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.  — Don Marquis
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.  — Albert Einstein
Questions are a burden for others; answers are a prison for oneself.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Repetition is a form of change.
Schroedinger might have been here.
Seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Share your happiness with others today.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.  — Dr. Seuss
Stop searching forever. Happiness is right next to you.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The only way out of a circle is through the center.
The world cannot be understood from a single point of view.  — Eleanor Roosevelt
They live happiest who have forgiven most.
Time is nature's way of making more anarchy.
We don't know half of what we know.
Wherever there is number, there is beauty.  — Proclus
Wisdom is one treasure no robber can touch.
You're not lost if you don't care where you are.
You don't have to be a mathematician to have a feel for numbers.  — John Forbes Nash
